## About Me

This text really needs some re-work, also probably some spacing and everything.

Don't worry, this is now _markdown_ so we can easily have fun with this!

I'm a Full Stack Developer, who loves discovering and inventing. I'm from
Rivière-du-Loup, a small town in the east of the Quebec province, in Canada. In
high school, I started to view computers, programming (and games) as something I
could live in forever, so I started learning by myself how to program, starting
with little scripts and tutorials on the internet. Then, I went in College,
still in Rivière-du-Loup, in a Computer Science technique, where they gave us
basic knowledge of most languages, with a focus on Web development. We had
multiples projects, that sadly I cannot list anywhere, as I haven't kept backups
(oops...) in the first two years, and during the last year, we had two projects
with real clients, allowing us to be able to view the whole loop of getting in
touch with a client, understanding his needs and building him something he
likes, using AGILE techniques. We also had two internship during the two last
year of the technique. After the technique, in 2014, I went to the University of
Sherbrooke, in IT Management, receiving a better base in all sort of
development, and also getting knowledge on how to deal with a team and all
management aspects. The BAC also provided me with 3 more internships. I've done
two internship at Wolters Kluwer in the iSolutions team and one at PMCTire, you
can see in the projects bellow some examples of what I've been doing during
those internships. I graduated in August 2017 & have been working at PMCTire
since. In 2018, I had to move to Saint-Hyacinthe, which forced me to learn how
to work remote & define how to work remotely at PMCTire. In 2021, I started
working as a Software Developer at Sherweb remotely. In 2022, I moved to
Saint-Alexandre-de-Kamouraska, still working for Sherweb for the C2 Team. In
2024, I'm opening my horizon for a new challenge by leaving Sherweb...

You can send me an email to have my resumé.
